Add ready-to-use minimal Deployment template (#2965)
astronomer/docs: astro/deployment-file-reference.md

### `deployment.environment_variables`

You can create, update, or delete environment variables in the `environment_variables` section of the template file. This is equivalent to configuring environment variables in the **Variables** page of a Deployment in the Cloud UI. Each variable in this section must include a `key` and a `value`.

> By default, each variable is created as a non-secret variable. To set any new or existing environment variables as secret in, specify `is_secret: true` in the same section as the key and value. For example: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, each variable is created as a non-secret variable. To set any new or existing environment variables as secret, specify `is_secret: true` in the same section as the key and value. For example: 
```

### `deployment.environment_variables`

You can create, update, or delete environment variables in the `environment_variables` section of the template file. This is equivalent to configuring environment variables in the **Variables** page of a Deployment in the Cloud UI. Each variable in this section must include a `key` and a `value`.

By default, each variable is created as a non-secret variable. To set any new or existing environment variables as secret in, specify `is_secret: true` in the same section as the key and value. For example: 

```yaml
 - is_secret: true
    key: PROJECT_NAME
    value: test_project
```

> When you inspect a Deployment, the value of secret environment variables do not appear in the Deployment file.  
> 
> 
> To delete an environment variable, remove the lines that contain its key, its value, and other associated fields, then reapply the file to the Deployment. Any variables which exist on the Deployment but are not included in the most recently applied Deployment file are deleted. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you inspect a Deployment, the value of secret environment variables do not appear in the Deployment file.  

To delete an environment variable, remove the lines that contain its key, its value, and other associated fields. Then, reapply the file to the Deployment. Any variables that exist on the Deployment, but are not included in the most recently applied Deployment file, are deleted. 
```

### `deployment.worker_queues`

> The `worker_queues` section defines the [worker queues](configure-worker-queues.md) for a Deployment with CeleryExecutor. This section is not applicable to Deployments running with the Kubernetes executor. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `worker_queues` section defines the [worker queues](configure-worker-queues.md) for Deployments that use the celery executor. 
```

### `deployment.worker_queues`

> The `worker_queues` section defines the [worker queues](configure-worker-queues.md) for Deployments that use celery executor. This section is not applicable to a Deployment that uses Kubernetes executor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `worker_queues` section defines the [worker queues](configure-worker-queues.md) for Deployments that use celery executor. This section is not applicable to Deployments that use Kubernetes executor.
```

> If you don't enter specific values for the `default` worker queue for a Deployment, default values based on the worker types available on your cluster are applied. Each additional worker queue must include a `name` and `worker_type`. The Astro CLI will use default values for any other unspecified fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you don't enter specific values for the `default` worker queue for a Deployment, Astro uses default values based on the worker types available on your cluster. Each additional worker queue must include a `name` and `worker_type`. The Astro CLI uses default values for any other unspecified fields.
```
